[Music]
hi everyone thank you for tuning in to
cook with April on tasty Tuesday today
we are going to make chicken parmesan or
parmesan chicken however you want to say
it it is so delicious and tender and
moist so go ahead and mix bread crumbs
and Parmesan cheese in a bowl and mix
those ingredients together and then
transfer it onto a plate it's easier to
coat your chicken on a plate than you
would in a bowl so now go ahead and grab
any chicken breasts of your choice
and place it in a ziplock bag and go
ahead and use a meat tenderizer and
whack it away then grab your chicken
breast and rub some salt as well as
pepper on each side of the chicken
breast then you're going to go ahead and
rub some flour on it as well on both
sides and then dip your chicken breasts
in beaten eggs and go ahead and coat
your chicken breasts with a Parmesan
cheese bread crumb mixture really
pressing firmly so that you completely
cover the chicken and while you're doing
that preheat the oven to 450 degrees and
grab a frying pan and place some olive
oil and then you're going to go ahead
and fry the chicken for only 3 minutes
covering both sides and making it brown
this is not to cook the chicken
completely it's only to kind of harden
the outside layer and then place it in a
bake safe pan and add some tomato sauce
right on top of the chicken then add
mozzarella cheese
[Music]
and now you are ready to bake bake for
about 15 minutes until the chicken
breast is cooked and this will have a
very delicious crispy outside and tender
inside enjoy thank you you know me I I
typically prefer chicken thighs but this
is chicken breast exactly traditional
thing to use but you firms on but that
is delicious thank you my gosh it says
you know where I technically eat chicken
parmesan is that Buca di Beppo if you
guys have ever been there you know the
amount of cheese on this is perfect it's
not too much I love I just love the
tomato sauce in right the whole thing
it's it's um I hope you're not insulted
I think this would take it up a notch
with the little sriracha alright let's
see how do you like it with your hot
sauce oh you want to know yeah oh my god
did you know this is my true reaction is
I'm not like bingo like over the top
this is delicious
thank you did you know that I've gotten
a lot of comments from a lot of people
that have said that they discovered the
hot sauce because it really yeah well
I'll have you guys know that this is not
product placement or anything like that
I just love the hugs your dad my dad
your dad started
buying it I was really young yeah I
think started forcing me to put it on my
food I think you like it thank you guys
so much for tuning in have a beautiful
day and we'll see you next Tuesday and
if you guys you know are all in here
like your first dinner date or your
making something for your date this is
pretty awesome yeah it's easy but it
seems for me yeah that's yeah so stay
tuned on Tuesday see you friends bye
thank you for tuning in to cook with
April on tasty Tuesday today I'm doing a
requested video I'm going to show you
how to make cream puffs